MIT Futuremakers Program - Reflections

WEEK ONE

07/06 - During this program, I hope to acquire a deeper understanding of how AI can be used to further advance various community initiatives and to address prominent societal issues.

07/07 - After attending David Kong's seminar of leadership and storytelling, I felt much more confident in my ability to tell stories and resonate with people through sharing stories. I realized that everyone really does have a story to share within them. The stories you tell to others can have an impact on those around you as well

07/08 - [1] What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning? ----- Supervised learning involves labeled inputs and outputs. With supervised learning, algorithms need to be trained to be able to acquire what is needed to classify data. Unsupervised learning uses no labels and relies on clustering to classify objects

[2]Describe why the following statement is FALSE: Scikit-Learn has the
power to visualize data without a Graphviz, Pandas, or other data analysis libraries----- Sci-kit is mainly used to support statistical modeling, but it does nothave the features to support dtat visualization, which is why it relies on Graphiz and other packages 

07/09 - Several people tend struggle with regulating stress and emotions. Combining AI with mindfulness techniques could help in mitigating stress and improving emotion regulation.
A convolutional neural network (CNN) can be used to acquire insights through a person's MRI and EEG scans to monitor the efficacy of certain mindful practices for an individual
[Max Planck Institut Leipzig Mind-Brain-Body Dataset][http://fcon_1000.projects.nitrc.org/indi/retro/MPI_LEMON.html]

07/12 - Tensors are multidimensional arrays of data (strings, numbers,etc.). Tensors are involved in the development of deep learning models and serves as a data structure for nerual networks within a model

07/15 - An example of bias in AI, specifically within the healthcare field, is discriminatory algorithms used by some insurnce companies within the United States. Some insurance companies used data related to the costs of insurance claims to automate the prioritization of care amnong patients under that insurance. As a result, the algorithm began to prioritize white patients over patients of other ethnicities. In order to mak this more inclusive, the AI should also be trained on socioeconomic data in order to mitigate biases.
